Issue #318 - support datetime-tz (#319)
ppodgorsek/docker-robot-framework: README.md

A suggestion to automate email testing is to run a [Mailcatcher instance in Docker which allows IMAP connections](https://github.com/estelora/docker-mailcatcher-imap). This will ensure emails are discarded once the tests have been run.

### Dealing with Datetimes and Timezones

> This project is meant to allow your tests to run anywhere. Sometimes that can be in a different timezone than your local or the location under test. To help with that this library includes the [DateTimeTZ Library](https://testautomation.github.io/DateTimeTZ/doc/DateTimeTZ.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is meant to allow your tests to run anywhere. Sometimes that can be in a different timezone than your local one or of the location under test. To help solve such issues, this image includes the [DateTimeTZ Library](https://testautomation.github.io/DateTimeTZ/doc/DateTimeTZ.html).
```

> To set the timezone used inside the docker image, you can set env variable TZ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the timezone used inside the Docker image, you can set the `TZ` environment variable:
```
